I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine.
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
When you see a man of worth, think of how you may emulate him. When you see one who is unworthy, examine yourself.
Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds.
As our case is new, we must think and act anew.
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That is why we call it the present.
He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law.
In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.
When performance exceeds ambition, the overlap is called success.
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently.
A jug fills drop by drop.
Someone remembers, someone cares; your name is whispered in someone's prayers.
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days.
Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.
Life is the flower for which love is the honey.
Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind.
The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.
These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past, wisdom is of the future.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose.
First comes thought; then organization of that thought, into ideas and plans; then transformation of those plans into reality. The beginning, as you will observe, is in your imagination.
Much wisdom often goes with fewer words.
Give it all you've got because you never know if there's going to be a next time.
This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.
If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
First comes thought; then organization of that thought, into ideas and plans; then transformation of those plans into reality. The beginning, as you will observe, is in your imagination.
The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
The energy of the mind is the essence of life.
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.
A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action.
The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself.
All great achievements require time.
If you let go a little, you will have a little peace. If you let go a lot, you will have a lot of peace.
In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true.
If we look at the world with a love of life, the world will reveal its beauty to us.
Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.
Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.
I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
Reality does not conform to the ideal, but confirms it.
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.
If the single man plant himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abide, the huge world will come round to him.
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
Strength to carry on despite the odds means you have faith in your own abilities and know how.
When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.
To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.
Take it easy but take it.
A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed.
I allow my intuition to lead my path.
To follow, without halt, one aim: There is the secret of success.
Thats the risk you take if you change: that people you've been involved with won't like the new you. But other people who do will come along.
Experience is not what happens to a man. It is what a man does with what happens to him.
Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress.
You cannot travel the path until you have become the path itself.
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today.
Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
Trusting our intuition often saves us from disaster.
While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about.
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.
A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool.
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.
If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress.
As we risk ourselves, we grow. Each new experience is a risk.
A jug fills drop by drop.
A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work.
You can do it if you believe you can!
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world.
From small beginnings come great things.
Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends.
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.
Our strength grows out of our weaknesses.
Give thanks for the rain of life that propels us to reach new horizons.
I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?
Fear grows in darkness; if you think theres a bogeyman around, turn on the light.
Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations.
The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own.
Fortune favours the brave.
Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in.
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.
The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds.
It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all.
Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living.
Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available.
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless.
All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players.They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts.
To lead people walk behind them.
Silence is the true friend that never betrays.
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently.
Winners have simply formed the habit of doing things losers don't like to do.
The best way out is always through.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.
Being right is highly overrated. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength.
I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?
To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
Each day can be one of triumph if you keep up your interests.
Being right is highly overrated. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
All know the way; few actually walk it.
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.
Learn all you can from the mistakes of others. You won't have time to make them all yourself.
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
A short saying often contains much wisdom.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.
Love is not blind; it simply enables one to see things others fail to see.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
Don't focus on making the right decision, focus on making the decision the right one.
What worries you masters you.
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a persons character lies in their own hands.
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; Skill is knowing how ot do it, and Virtue is doing it.
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight.
The worst bankrupt in the world is the person who has lost his enthusiasm.
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow.
I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever.
The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world.
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones weve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.
Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
Our passion is our strength.
The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them.
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.
Why worry about things you cannot control when you can keep yourself busy controlling the things that depend on you?
Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception.
Leaders aren't born they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price well have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal.
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest.
Every sixty seconds you spend angry, upset or mad, is a full minute of happiness you will never get back.
Never tell a young person that anything cannot be done. God may have been waiting centuries for someone ignorant enough of the impossible to do that very thing.
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.
Most smiles are started by another smile.
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together.
Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines.
Be slow of tongue and quick of eye.
Be like the flower, turn your face to the sun.
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside.
The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind.
Chaos is inherent in all compounded things. Strive on with diligence.
You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.
Wherever a man may happen to turn, whatever a man may undertake, he will always end up by returning to the path which nature has marked out for him.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one.
Remembering a wrong is like carrying a burden on the mind.
Every sixty seconds you spend angry, upset or mad, is a full minute of happiness you will never get back.
The cautious seldom err.
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.
I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside.
Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity.
Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
We see things not as they are, but as we are. Our perception is shaped by our previous experiences.
If you kick a stone in anger, you'll hurt your own foot.
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.
All seasons are beautiful for the person who carries happiness within.
The energy of the mind is the essence of life.
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
The cosmos is neither moral or immoral; only people are. He who would move the world must first move himself.
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.
Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
Don't talk about what you have done or what you are going to do.
The truth is always exciting. Speak it, then. Life is dull without it.
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift that's why they call it the present.
Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away.
Always be mindful of the kindness and not the faults of others.
Into each life rain must fall but rain can be the giver of life and it is all in your attitude that makes rain produce sunshine.
My reputation grows with every failure.
Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available.

















Kind words can be short and easy to speak but their echoes are truly endless.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action.
While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity.
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.
